[new-product] Flux (#3420)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/flux2.md

Reviewer: Should be flux.md, as per the title of the page / the permalink.

I think it would be interesting to document also flux 1.x on this page.

---
title: Flux
category: server-app
tags: cncf

> iconSlug: flux2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

There is currently no Flux icon on https://simpleicons.org/?q=flux.

Author: Is it mandatory to have an icon there in order for this PR to be merged? I'll issue a PR to simple icons but not sure how quick it'll get merged.

Author: [Issue raised](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/9333)

permalink: /flux
alternate_urls:

> -   /flux2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  /flux2
```

Minor formatting suggestion.

-  /fluxcd
versionCommand: flux version
releasePolicyLink: https://fluxcd.io/flux/releases/#supported-releases
changelogTemplate: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2/releases/tag/v__LATEST__
activeSupportColumn: false
releaseDateColumn: true
eolColumn: Support

auto:

> -   git: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   git: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux2.git
-   git: https://github.com/fluxcd/flux.git
```

Author: We're not exactly keen on pointing people to a Flux version that has been superseded by a new major one for several years now.

Reviewer: The main purpose of endoflife.date is to document EOL versions, with the EOL date if it's known. So I still think it would be a valuable information.

Moreover this link is only used by our automation scripts to get the release dates, it's not present on the page. But it will be used by our API so it can answer the question "is version 1.x EOL ?".

Reviewer 2: Flux v1 went EOL on Nov 2, 2022. I see no issue with adding this info.

Reviewer: Thanks @stefanprodan for the date.

# eol(X) = releaseDate(X+3)

> releases:

Reviewer: Even if it's now deprecated / does not share the same release / support policy, it would be great to have information about Flux 1.

-   releaseCycle: "2.0"
    releaseDate: 2023-07-05
    eol: false
    latest: "2.0.1"
    latestReleaseDate: 2023-07-11

---

> > [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) is an open and extensible continuous delivery solution for Kubernetes. Powered by GitOps Toolkit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Flux](https://fluxcd.io) Flux is a tool for keeping Kubernetes clusters in sync with sources of configuration (like Git repositories), and automating updates to configuration when there is new code to deploy.
> Flux is built from the ground up to use Kubernetes' API extension system, and to integrate with Prometheus and other core components of the Kubernetes ecosystem. It supports multi-tenancy and syncing an arbitrary number of Git repositories.
```

What does `Powered by GitOps Toolkit.` means ? I suggest to use the description on https://fluxcd.io/flux/.

> For the CLI and its controllers the project support the last three minor releases. Critical bug fixes, such as security fixes, may be back-ported to those three minor versions as patch releases, depending on severity and feasibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project support the last three minor releases of the CLI and its controllers, with critical bug and security fixes.
```

IMO it's always depending on the severity / feasibility, I would suggest to drop this mention.

## [Release Cadence](https://fluxcd.io/flux/releases/#release-cadence)

> Flux is at least released at the same rate as Kubernetes, following their cadence of three minor releases per year. After each Kubernetes minor release, the CLI and all controllers are tested against the latest Kubernetes version and are released approximately two weeks after Kubernetes. The newly released Flux version offers support for Kubernetes N-2 minor versions.

Reviewer: Suggestion: move this paragraph at the beginning of the description (and drop the h2 title).

Author: I chose the [Argo CD](https://endoflife.date/argo-cd) page as a template which does exactly this.

Reviewer: I understand, unfortunately we are not always consistent and what's accepted by one reviewer may not be by another reviewer. Let's leave it like that for now.
